Improve flow of documentation for non-standard strings (#40057)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/metaprogramming.md

what they do -- and all they do is construct expression objects to be inserted into your program's
syntax tree.

> Non-standard command literals are also supported by Julia.
> Like non-standard string literals, non-standard command literals use a prefixed variant
> of the command literal syntax. The command literal ```custom`literal` ``` is parsed as `@custom_cmd "literal"`.

Reviewer: This really feels like it begs the question, "what is a non-standard command literal". How about:

```suggestion
Like non-standard string literals, command literals can also be prefixed by an identifier,
to form what is called non-standard command literals. These command literals are parsed
as calls to specially-named macros. For example, the syntax ```custom`literal` ``` is parsed
as `@custom_cmd "literal"`.
```
